          Princess of Mars ch23 pt2          

Kantos Kan eyed me narrowly before he spoke.

You love her. he said.  Does she know it?

She knows it, Kantos Kan, and repulses me only because she is
promised to Sab Than.

The splendid fellow sprang to his feet, and grasping me by the
shoulder raised his sword on high, exclaiming,

And had the choice been left to me I could not have chosen a more
fitting mate for the first princess of Barsoom.  Here is my hand
upon your shoulder, John Carter, and my word that Sab Than shall go
out at the point of my sword for the sake of my love for Helium, for
Dejah Thoris, and for you.  This very night I shall try to reach his
quarters in the palace.

How? I asked.  You are strongly guarded and a quadruple force
patrols the sky.

He bent his head in thought a moment, then raised it with an air of
confidence.

I only need to pass these guards and I can do it, he said at last.
I know a secret entrance to the palace through the pinnacle of the
highest tower.  I fell upon it by chance one day as I was passing
above the palace on patrol duty.  In this work it is required that
we investigate any unusual occurrence we may witness, and a face
peering from the pinnacle of the high tower of the palace was, to
me, most unusual.  I therefore drew near and discovered that the
possessor of the peering face was none other than Sab Than.  He was
slightly put out at being detected and commanded me to keep the
matter to myself, explaining that the passage from the tower led
directly to his apartments, and was known only to him.  If I can
reach the roof of the barracks and get my machine I can be in Sab
Thans quarters in five minutes, but how am I to escape from this
building, guarded as you say it is?

How well are the machine sheds at the barracks guarded? I asked.          end of pt2