          Princess of Mars ch21 pt9          

Dropping my machine rapidly toward them, and circling to the rear
of the warriors, I soon saw that the object of their pursuit was a
red Martian wearing the metal of the scout squadron to which I was
attached.  A short distance away lay his tiny flier, surrounded by
the tools with which he had evidently been occupied in repairing
some damage when surprised by the green warriors.

They were now almost upon him, their flying mounts charging down on
the relatively puny figure at terrific speed, while the warriors
leaned low to the right, with their great metal shod spears.  Each
seemed striving to be the first to impale the poor Zodangan and in
another moment his fate would have been sealed had it not been for
my timely arrival.

Driving my fleet air craft at high speed directly behind the
warriors I soon overtook them and without diminishing my speed I
rammed the prow of my little flier between the shoulders of the
nearest.  The impact sufficient to have torn through inches of
solid steel, hurled the fellows headless body into the air over the
head of his thoat, where it fell sprawling upon the moss.  The mounts
of the other two warriors turned squealing in terror, and bolted in
opposite directions.

Reducing my speed I circled and came to the ground at the feet of
the astonished Zodangan.  He was warm in his thanks for my timely
aid and promised that my days work would bring the reward it
merited, for it was none other than a cousin of the jeddak of
Zodanga whose life I had saved.

We wasted no time in talk as we knew that the warriors would
surely return as soon as they had gained control of their mounts.          end of pt9