          Princess of Mars ch23 pt3          

There is usually but one man on duty there at night upon the roof.

Go to the roof of this building, Kantos Kan, and wait me there.

Without stopping to explain my plans I retraced my way to the street
and hastened to the barracks.  I did not dare to enter the building,
filled as it was with members of the air scout squadron, who, in
common with all Zodanga, were on the lookout for me.

The building was an enormous one, rearing its lofty head fully a
thousand feet into the air.  But few buildings in Zodanga were
higher than these barracks, though several topped it by a few
hundred feet, the docks of the great battleships of the line
standing some fifteen hundred feet from the ground, while the
freight and passenger stations of the merchant squadrons rose nearly
as high.

It was a long climb up the face of the building, and one fraught
with much danger, but there was no other way, and so I essayed the
task.  The fact that Barsoomian architecture is extremely ornate
made the feat much simpler than I had anticipated, since I found
ornamental ledges and projections which fairly formed a perfect
ladder for me all the way to the eaves of the building.  Here I met
my first real obstacle.  The eaves projected nearly twenty feet from
the wall to which I clung, and though I encircled the great building
I could find no opening through them.

The top floor was alight, and filled with soldiers engaged in the
pastimes of their kind, I could not, therefore, reach the roof
through the building.

There was one slight, desperate chance, and that I decided I must
take it was for Dejah Thoris, and no man has lived who would not
risk a thousand deaths for such as she.          end of pt3