          Princess of Mars ch23 pt5            Quick, explain yourself, or I
call the guard.

Look you here, sentry, and you shall see how I came and how close a
shave I had to not coming at all, I answered, turning toward the
edge of the roof, where, twenty feet below, at the end of my strap,
hung all my weapons.

The fellow, acting on impulse of curiosity, stepped to my side and
to his undoing, for as he leaned to peer over the eaves I grasped
him by his throat and his pistol arm and threw him heavily to the
roof.  The weapon dropped from his grasp, and my fingers choked off
his attempted cry for assistance.  I gagged and bound him and then
hung him over the edge of the roof as I myself had hung a few
moments before.  I knew it would be morning before he would be
discovered, and I needed all the time that I could gain.

Donning my trappings and weapons I hastened to the sheds, and soon
had out both my machine and Kantos Kans.  Making his fast behind
mine I started my engine, and skimming over the edge of the roof I
dove down into the streets of the city far below the plane usually
occupied by the air patrol.  In less than a minute I was settling
safely upon the roof of our apartment beside the astonished Kantos
Kan.

I lost no time in explanation, but plunged immediately into a
discussion of our plans for the immediate future.  It was decided
that I was to try to make Helium while Kantos Kan was to enter the
palace and dispatch Sab Than.  If successful he was then to follow
me.  He set my compass for me, a clever little device which will
remain steadfastly fixed upon any given point on the surface of
Barsoom, and bidding each other farewell we rose together and sped
in the direction of the palace which lay in the route which I must
take to reach Helium.          end of pt5