          Princess of Mars ch22 pt1          CHAPTER XXII

I FIND DEJAH

The major domo to whom I reported had been given instructions to
station me near the person of the jeddak, who, in time of war, is
always in great danger of assassination, as the rule that all is
fair in war seems to constitute the entire ethics of Martian
conflict.

He therefore escorted me immediately to the apartment in which Than
Kosis then was.  The ruler was engaged in conversation with his son,
Sab Than, and several courtiers of his household, and did not
perceive my entrance.

The walls of the apartment were completely hung with splendid
tapestries which hid any windows or doors which may have pierced
them.  The room was lighted by imprisoned rays of sunshine held
between the ceiling proper and what appeared to be a ground glass
false ceiling a few inches below.

My guide drew aside one of the tapestries, disclosing a passage
which encircled the room, between the hangings and the walls of the
chamber.  Within this passage I was to remain, he said, so long as
Than Kosis was in the apartment.  When he left I was to follow.
My only duty was to guard the ruler and keep out of sight as much
as possible.  I would be relieved after a period of four hours.
The major domo then left me.

The tapestries were of a strange weaving which gave the appearance
of heavy solidity from one side, but from my hiding place I could
perceive all that took place within the room as readily as though
there had been no curtain intervening.

Scarcely had I gained my post than the tapestry at the opposite end
of the chamber separated and four soldiers of The Guard entered,
surrounding a female figure.          end of pt1