          Princess of Mars ch17 pt3          

Presently Tal Hajus made a sign that the chamber be cleared, and
that the prisoners be left alone before him.  Slowly the chieftains,
the warriors and the women melted away into the shadows of the
surrounding chambers, and Dejah Thoris and Sola stood alone before
the jeddak of the Tharks.

One chieftain alone had hesitated before departing, I saw him
standing in the shadows of a mighty column, his fingers nervously
toying with the hilt of his great sword and his cruel eyes bent in
implacable hatred upon Tal Hajus.  It was Tars Tarkas, and I could
read his thoughts as they were an open book for the undisguised
loathing upon his face.  He was thinking of that other woman who,
forty years ago, had stood before this beast, and could I have
spoken a word into his ear at that moment the reign of Tal Hajus
would have been over, but finally he also strode from the room,
not knowing that he left his own daughter at the mercy of the
creature he most loathed.

Tal Hajus arose, and I, half fearing, half anticipating his
intentions, hurried to the winding runway which led to the floors
below.  No one was near to intercept me, and I reached the main
floor of the chamber unobserved, taking my station in the shadow
of the same column that Tars Tarkas had but just deserted.  As I
reached the floor Tal Hajus was speaking.

Princess of Helium, I might wring a mighty ransom from your people
would I but return you to them unharmed, but a thousand times rather
would I watch that beautiful face writhe in the agony of torture, it
shall be long drawn out, that I promise you, ten days of pleasure
were all too short to show the love I harbor for your race.          end of pt3