          Princess of Mars ch19 pt2          

Dejah Thoris and Sola entered the hills not five miles from a great
waterway and are now probably quite safe, he assured me.

My fellow prisoner was Kantos Kan, a padwar (lieutenant) in the navy
of Helium.  He had been a member of the ill fated expedition which
had fallen into the hands of the Tharks at the time of Dejah Thoris
capture, and he briefly related the events which followed the defeat
of the battleships.

Badly injured and only partially manned they had limped slowly
toward Helium, but while passing near the city of Zodanga, the
capital of Heliums hereditary enemies among the red men of Barsoom,
they had been attacked by a great body of war vessels and all but
the craft to which Kantos Kan belonged were either destroyed or
captured.  His vessel was chased for days by three of the Zodangan
war ships but finally escaped during the darkness of a moonless
night.

Thirty days after the capture of Dejah Thoris, or about the time of
our coming to Thark, his vessel had reached Helium with about ten
survivors of the original crew of seven hundred officers and men.
Immediately seven great fleets, each of one hundred mighty war
ships, had been dispatched to search for Dejah Thoris, and from
these vessels two thousand smaller craft had been kept out
continuously in futile search for the missing princess.

Two green Martian communities had been wiped off the face of Barsoom
by the avenging fleets, but no trace of Dejah Thoris had been found.
They had been searching among the northern hordes, and only within
the past few days had they extended their quest to the south.          end of pt2