          Princess of Mars ch25 pt3          

Zodanga has fallen, I cried.  Look.

All eyes turned in the direction I had indicated, and there, forging
through the portals of the entranceway rode Tars Tarkas and his
fifty warriors on their great thoats.

A cry of alarm and amazement broke from the assemblage, but no word
of fear, and in a moment the soldiers and nobles of Zodanga were
hurling themselves upon the advancing Tharks.

Thrusting Sab Than headlong from the platform, I drew Dejah Thoris
to my side.  Behind the throne was a narrow doorway and in this Than
Kosis now stood facing me, with drawn long sword.  In an instant we
were engaged, and I found no mean antagonist.

As we circled upon the broad platform I saw Sab Than rushing up the
steps to aid his father, but, as he raised his hand to strike, Dejah
Thoris sprang before him and then my sword found the spot that made
Sab Than jeddak of Zodanga.  As his father rolled dead upon the
floor the new jeddak tore himself free from Dejah Thoris grasp,
and again we faced each other.  He was soon joined by a quartet of
officers, and, with my back against a golden throne, I fought once
again for Dejah Thoris.  I was hard pressed to defend myself and yet
not strike down Sab Than and, with him, my last chance to win the
woman I loved.  My blade was swinging with the rapidity of lightning
as I sought to parry the thrusts and cuts of my opponents.  Two I
had disarmed, and one was down, when several more rushed to the aid
of their new ruler, and to avenge the death of the old.

As they advanced there were cries of The woman.  The woman.
Strike her down, it is her plot.  Kill her.  Kill her.

Calling to Dejah Thoris to get behind me I worked my way toward the
little doorway back of the throne, but the officers realized my
intentions, and three of them sprang in behind me and blocked my
chances for gaining a position where I could have defended Dejah
Thoris against any army of swordsmen.          end of pt3