          Princess of Mars ch21 pt10          
Hastening to his damaged machine we were bending every effort to
finish the needed repairs and had almost completed them when we saw
the two green monsters returning at top speed from opposite sides of
us.  When they had approached within a hundred yards their thoats
again became unmanageable and absolutely refused to advance further
toward the air craft which had frightened them.

The warriors finally dismounted and hobbling their animals advanced
toward us on foot with drawn long swords.

I advanced to meet the larger, telling the Zodangan to do the best
he could with the other.  Finishing my man with almost no effort, as
had now from much practice become habitual with me, I hastened to
return to my new acquaintance whom I found indeed in desperate
straits.

He was wounded and down with the huge foot of his antagonist upon
his throat and the great long sword raised to deal the final thrust.
With a bound I cleared the fifty feet intervening between us, and
with outstretched point drove my sword completely through the body
of the green warrior.  His sword fell, harmless, to the ground and
he sank limply upon the prostrate form of the Zodangan.

A cursory examination of the latter revealed no mortal injuries
and after a brief rest he asserted that he felt fit to attempt the
return voyage.  He would have to pilot his own craft, however, as
these frail vessels are not intended to convey but a single person.

Quickly completing the repairs we rose together into the still,
cloudless Martian sky, and at great speed and without further mishap
returned to Zodanga.          end of pt10