          Princess of Mars ch21 pt5          

As I was crossing the great square lost in wonder and admiration of
the magnificent architecture and the gorgeous scarlet vegetation
which carpeted the broad lawns I discovered a red Martian walking
briskly toward me from one of the avenues.  He paid not the
slightest attention to me, but as he came abreast I recognized him,
and turning I placed my hand upon his shoulder, calling out,

Kaor, Kantos Kan.

Like lightning he wheeled and before I could so much as lower my
hand the point of his long sword was at my breast.

Who are you? he growled, and then as a backward leap carried me
fifty feet from his sword he dropped the point to the ground and
exclaimed, laughing,

I do not need a better reply, there is but one man upon all Barsoom
who can bounce about like a rubber ball.  By the mother of the
further moon, John Carter, how came you here, and have you become
a Darseen that you can change your color at will?

You gave me a bad half minute my friend, he continued, after I had
briefly outlined my adventures since parting with him in the arena
at Warhoon.  Were my name and city known to the Zodangans I would
shortly be sitting on the banks of the lost sea of Korus with my
revered and departed ancestors.  I am here in the interest of Tardos
Mors, Jeddak of Helium, to discover the whereabouts of Dejah Thoris,
our princess.  Sab Than, prince of Zodanga, has her hidden in the
city and has fallen madly in love with her.  His father, Than Kosis,
Jeddak of Zodanga, has made her voluntary marriage to his son the
price of peace between our countries, but Tardos Mors will not
accede to the demands and has sent word that he and his people would
rather look upon the dead face of their princess than see her wed to
any than her own choice, and that personally he would prefer being
engulfed in the ashes of a lost and burning Helium to joining the
metal of his house with that of Than Kosis.          end of pt5