          Princess of Mars ch21 pt11          

As we neared the city we discovered a mighty concourse of civilians
and troops assembled upon the plain before the city.  The sky was
black with naval vessels and private and public pleasure craft,
flying long streamers of gay colored silks, and banners and flags
of odd and picturesque design.

My companion signaled that I slow down, and running his machine
close beside mine suggested that we approach and watch the ceremony,
which, he said, was for the purpose of conferring honors on
individual officers and men for bravery and other distinguished
service.  He then unfurled a little ensign which denoted that his
craft bore a member of the royal family of Zodanga, and together we
made our way through the maze of low lying air vessels until we hung
directly over the jeddak of Zodanga and his staff.  All were mounted
upon the small domestic bull thoats of the red Martians, and their
trappings and ornamentation bore such a quantity of gorgeously
colored feathers that I could not but be struck with the startling
resemblance the concourse bore to a band of the red Indians of my
own Earth.

One of the staff called the attention of Than Kosis to the presence
of my companion above them and the ruler motioned for him to
descend.  As they waited for the troops to move into position facing
the jeddak the two talked earnestly together, the jeddak and his
staff occasionally glancing up at me.  I could not hear their
conversation and presently it ceased and all dismounted, as the last
body of troops had wheeled into position before their emperor.  A
member of the staff advanced toward the troops, and calling the name
of a soldier commanded him to advance.          end of pt11