          Princess of Mars ch16 pt9          

Finally, after studying the map carefully in the moonlight which
now flooded the room, I pointed out a waterway far to the north of
us which also seemed to lead to Helium.

Does not this pierce your grandfathers territory? I asked.

Yes, she answered, but it is two hundred miles north of us,
it is one of the waterways we crossed on the trip to Thark.

They would never suspect that we would try for that distant
waterway, I answered, and that is why I think that it is the
best route for our escape.

Sola agreed with me, and it was decided that we should leave Thark
this same night, just as quickly, in fact, as I could find and
saddle my thoats.  Sola was to ride one and Dejah Thoris and I the
other, each of us carrying sufficient food and drink to last us for
two days, since the animals could not be urged too rapidly for so
long a distance.

I directed Sola to proceed with Dejah Thoris along one of the less
frequented avenues to the southern boundary of the city, where I
would overtake them with the thoats as quickly as possible, then,
leaving them to gather what food, silks, and furs we were to need,
I slipped quietly to the rear of the first floor, and entered the
courtyard, where our animals were moving restlessly about, as was
their habit, before settling down for the night.

In the shadows of the buildings and out beneath the radiance of the
Martian moons moved the great herd of thoats and zitidars, the
latter grunting their low gutturals and the former occasionally
emitting the sharp squeal which denotes the almost habitual state
of rage in which these creatures passed their existence.          end of pt9