          Princess of Mars ch20 pt4          

A second and third door receded before me and slipped to one side as
the first, before I reached a large inner chamber where I found food
and drink set out upon a great stone table.  A voice directed me to
satisfy my hunger and to feed my calot, and while I was thus engaged
my invisible host put me through a severe and searching
cross examination.

Your statements are most remarkable, said the voice, on concluding
its questioning, but you are evidently speaking the truth, and it
is equally evident that you are not of Barsoom.  I can tell that by
the conformation of your brain and the strange location of your
internal organs and the shape and size of your heart.

Can you see through me? I exclaimed.

Yes, I can see all but your thoughts, and were you a Barsoomian I
could read those.

Then a door opened at the far side of the chamber and a strange,
dried up, little mummy of a man came toward me.  He wore but a
single article of clothing or adornment, a small collar of gold from
which depended upon his chest a great ornament as large as a dinner
plate set solid with huge diamonds, except for the exact center
which was occupied by a strange stone, an inch in diameter, that
scintillated nine different and distinct rays, the seven colors of
our earthly prism and two beautiful rays which, to me, were new and
nameless.  I cannot describe them any more than you could describe
red to a blind man.  I only know that they were beautiful in the
extreme.

The old man sat and talked with me for hours, and the strangest part
of our intercourse was that I could read his every thought while he
could not fathom an iota from my mind unless I spoke.          end of pt4