          Princess of Mars ch16 pt12          

He would likely have arranged to meet them just without the city,
and so   I heard no more, they had passed on, but it was enough.
Our plan had been discovered, and the chances for escape from now
on to the fearful end would be small indeed.  My one hope now was
to return undetected to the quarters of Dejah Thoris and learn what
fate had overtaken her, but how to do it with these great monstrous
thoats upon my hands, now that the city probably was aroused by the
knowledge of my escape was a problem of no mean proportions.

Suddenly an idea occurred to me, and acting on my knowledge of the
construction of the buildings of these ancient Martian cities with
a hollow court within the center of each square, I groped my way
blindly through the dark chambers, calling the great thoats after
me.  They had difficulty in negotiating some of the doorways, but
as the buildings fronting the citys principal exposures were all
designed upon a magnificent scale, they were able to wriggle through
without sticking fast, and thus we finally made the inner court
where I found, as I had expected, the usual carpet of moss like
vegetation which would prove their food and drink until I could
return them to their own enclosure.  That they would be as quiet
and contented here as elsewhere I was confident, nor was there but
the remotest possibility that they would be discovered, as the
green men had no great desire to enter these outlying buildings,
which were frequented by the only thing, I believe, which caused
them the sensation of fear the great white apes of Barsoom.          end of pt12