          Princess of Mars ch15 pt7            Had their defection
from the traditions of the Tharks been discovered both would have
paid the penalty in the great arena before Tal Hajus and the
assembled hordes.

The egg from which I came was hidden beneath a great glass vessel
upon the highest and most inaccessible of the partially ruined
towers of ancient Thark.  Once each year my mother visited it for
the five long years it lay there in the process of incubation.  She
dared not come oftener, for in the mighty guilt of her conscience
she feared that her every move was watched.  During this period
my father gained great distinction as a warrior and had taken the
metal from several chieftains.  His love for my mother had never
diminished, and his own ambition in life was to reach a point where
he might wrest the metal from Tal Hajus himself, and thus, as ruler
of the Tharks, be free to claim her as his own, as well as, by the
might of his power, protect the child which otherwise would be
quickly dispatched should the truth become known.

It was a wild dream, that of wresting the metal from Tal Hajus in
five short years, but his advance was rapid, and he soon stood high
in the councils of Thark.  But one day the chance was lost forever,
in so far as it could come in time to save his loved ones, for he
was ordered away upon a long expedition to the ice clad south, to
make war upon the natives there and despoil them of their furs, for
such is the manner of the green Barsoomian, he does not labor for
what he can wrest in battle from others.          end of pt7