          Princess of Mars ch22 pt3          

Cannot the war be ended at once? spoke Sab Than.  It requires but
the word of Than Kosis to bring peace.  Say it, my father, say the
word that will hasten my happiness, and end this unpopular strife.

We shall see, replied Than Kosis, how the people of Helium take
to peace.  I shall at least offer it to them.

Dejah Thoris, after a few words, turned and left the apartment,
still followed by her guards.

Thus was the edifice of my brief dream of happiness dashed, broken,
to the ground of reality.  The woman for whom I had offered my life,
and from whose lips I had so recently heard a declaration of love
for me, had lightly forgotten my very existence and smilingly given
herself to the son of her peoples most hated enemy.

Although I had heard it with my own ears I could not believe it.
I must search out her apartments and force her to repeat the cruel
truth to me alone before I would be convinced, and so I deserted my
post and hastened through the passage behind the tapestries toward
the door by which she had left the chamber.  Slipping quietly
through this opening I discovered a maze of winding corridors,
branching and turning in every direction.

Running rapidly down first one and then another of them I soon
became hopelessly lost and was standing panting against a side wall
when I heard voices near me.  Apparently they were coming from the
opposite side of the partition against which I leaned and presently
I made out the tones of Dejah Thoris.  I could not hear the words
but I knew that I could not possibly be mistaken in the voice.

Moving on a few steps I discovered another passageway at the end of
which lay a door.          end of pt3