          Princess of Mars ch27 pt5          

I traveled with awful velocity for my errand was a race against time
with death.  The face of Dejah Thoris hung always before me.  As I
turned for a last look as I left the palace garden I had seen her
stagger and sink upon the ground beside the little incubator.  That
she had dropped into the last coma which would end in death, if the
air supply remained unreplenished, I well knew, and so, throwing
caution to the winds, I flung overboard everything but the engine
and compass, even to my ornaments, and lying on my belly along the
deck with one hand on the steering wheel and the other pushing the
speed lever to its last notch I split the thin air of dying Mars
with the speed of a meteor.

An hour before dark the great walls of the atmosphere plant loomed
suddenly before me, and with a sickening thud I plunged to the
ground before the small door which was withholding the spark of
life from the inhabitants of an entire planet.

Beside the door a great crew of men had been laboring to pierce the
wall, but they had scarcely scratched the flint like surface, and
now most of them lay in the last sleep from which not even air would
awaken them.

Conditions seemed much worse here than at Helium, and it was with
difficulty that I breathed at all.  There were a few men still
conscious, and to one of these I spoke.

If I can open these doors is there a man who can start the
engines? I asked.

I can, he replied, if you open quickly.  I can last but a few
moments more.  But it is useless, they are both dead and no one else
upon Barsoom knew the secret of these awful locks.  For three days
men crazed with fear have surged about this portal in vain attempts
to solve its mystery.

I had no time to talk, I was becoming very weak and it was with
difficulty that I controlled my mind at all.

But, with a final effort, as I sank weakly to my knees I hurled the
nine thought waves at that awful thing before me.          end of pt5