          Princess of Mars ch28 pt2          

Burying my head in my arms I turned, broken, and sorrowful, down the
trail from the cave.

Above me shone the red eye of Mars holding her awful secret,
forty eight million miles away.

Did the Martian reach the pump room?  Did the vitalizing air reach
the people of that distant planet in time to save them?  Was my
Dejah Thoris alive, or did her beautiful body lie cold in death
beside the tiny golden incubator in the sunken garden of the inner
courtyard of the palace of Tardos Mors, the jeddak of Helium?

For ten years I have waited and prayed for an answer to my
questions.  For ten years I have waited and prayed to be taken
back to the world of my lost love.  I would rather lie dead beside
her there than live on Earth all those millions of terrible miles
from her.

The old mine, which I found untouched, has made me fabulously
wealthy, but what care I for wealth.

As I sit here tonight in my little study overlooking the Hudson,
just twenty years have elapsed since I first opened my eyes upon
Mars.

I can see her shining in the sky through the little window by my
desk, and tonight she seems calling to me again as she has not
called before since that long dead night, and I think I can see,
across that awful abyss of space, a beautiful black haired woman
standing in the garden of a palace, and at her side is a little boy
who puts his arm around her as she points into the sky toward the
planet Earth, while at their feet is a huge and hideous creature
with a heart of gold.

I believe that they are waiting there for me, and something tells me
that I shall soon know.

          end of pt2