          Princess of Mars ch17 pt2            The floor of
this great circular hall was thronged with chieftains, warriors
and women, and at one end was a great raised platform upon which
squatted the most hideous beast I had ever put my eyes upon.  He had
all the cold, hard, cruel, terrible features of the green warriors,
but accentuated and debased by the animal passions to which he had
given himself over for many years.  There was not a mark of dignity
or pride upon his bestial countenance, while his enormous bulk
spread itself out upon the platform where he squatted like some huge
devil fish, his six limbs accentuating the similarity in a horrible
and startling manner.

But the sight that froze me with apprehension was that of Dejah
Thoris and Sola standing there before him, and the fiendish leer of
him as he let his great protruding eyes gloat upon the lines of her
beautiful figure.  She was speaking, but I could not hear what she
said, nor could I make out the low grumbling of his reply.  She
stood there erect before him, her head high held, and even at the
distance I was from them I could read the scorn and disgust upon her
face as she let her haughty glance rest without sign of fear upon
him.  She was indeed the proud daughter of a thousand jeddaks, every
inch of her dear, precious little body, so small, so frail beside
the towering warriors around her, but in her majesty dwarfing them
into insignificance, she was the mightiest figure among them and I
verily believe that they felt it.          end of pt2