          Princess of Mars ch17 pt11          

Turning, I beheld the green warriors mounting the ridge and looking
for their chieftain.  In a moment they saw him, and then me, but
scarcely had they discovered me than I commenced firing, lying flat
upon my belly in the moss.  I had an even hundred rounds in the
magazine of my rifle, and another hundred in the belt at my back,
and I kept up a continuous stream of fire until I saw all of the
warriors who had been first to return from behind the ridge either
dead or scurrying to cover.

My respite was short lived however, for soon the entire party,
numbering some thousand men, came charging into view, racing madly
toward me.  I fired until my rifle was empty and they were almost
upon me, and then a glance showing me that Dejah Thoris and Sola had
disappeared among the hills, I sprang up, throwing down my useless
gun, and started away in the direction opposite to that taken by
Sola and her charge.

If ever Martians had an exhibition of jumping, it was granted those
astonished warriors on that day long years ago, but while it led
them away from Dejah Thoris it did not distract their attention
from endeavoring to capture me.

They raced wildly after me until, finally, my foot struck a
projecting piece of quartz, and down I went sprawling upon the moss.
As I looked up they were upon me, and although I drew my long sword
in an attempt to sell my life as dearly as possible, it was soon
over.          end of pt11