          Princess of Mars ch23 pt1          CHAPTER XXIII

LOST IN THE SKY

Without effort at concealment I hastened to the vicinity of our
quarters, where I felt sure I should find Kantos Kan.  As I neared
the building I became more careful, as I judged, and rightly, that
the place would be guarded.  Several men in civilian metal loitered
near the front entrance and in the rear were others.  My only means
of reaching, unseen, the upper story where our apartments were
situated was through an adjoining building, and after considerable
maneuvering I managed to attain the roof of a shop several doors
away.

Leaping from roof to roof, I soon reached an open window in the
building where I hoped to find the Heliumite, and in another moment
I stood in the room before him.  He was alone and showed no surprise
at my coming, saying he had expected me much earlier, as my tour of
duty must have ended some time since.

I saw that he knew nothing of the events of the day at the palace,
and when I had enlightened him he was all excitement.  The news that
Dejah Thoris had promised her hand to Sab Than filled him with
dismay.

It cannot be, he exclaimed.  It is impossible.  Why no man in all
Helium but would prefer death to the selling of our loved princess
to the ruling house of Zodanga.  She must have lost her mind to have
assented to such an atrocious bargain.  You, who do not know how we
of Helium love the members of our ruling house, cannot appreciate
the horror with which I contemplate such an unholy alliance.

What can be done, John Carter? he continued.  You are a
resourceful man.  Can you not think of some way to save Helium from
this disgrace?

If I can come within swords reach of Sab Than, I answered, I can
solve the difficulty in so far as Helium is concerned, but for
personal reasons I would prefer that another struck the blow that
frees Dejah Thoris.          end of pt1