          Princess of Mars ch19 pt5          
The women had given a good account of themselves.

Next a mad zitidar was loosed among the remaining dogs, and so it
went throughout the long, hot, horrible day.

During the day I was pitted against first men and then beasts, but
as I was armed with a long sword and always outclassed my adversary
in agility and generally in strength as well, it proved but childs
play to me.  Time and time again I won the applause of the
bloodthirsty multitude, and toward the end there were cries that
I be taken from the arena and be made a member of the hordes of
Warhoon.

Finally there were but three of us left, a great green warrior of
some far northern horde, Kantos Kan, and myself.

The other two were to battle and then I to fight the conqueror for
the liberty which was accorded the final winner.

Kantos Kan had fought several times during the day and like myself
had always proven victorious, but occasionally by the smallest of
margins, especially when pitted against the green warriors.  I had
little hope that he could best his giant adversary who had mowed
down all before him during the day.  The fellow towered nearly
sixteen feet in height, while Kantos Kan was some inches under six
feet.  As they advanced to meet one another I saw for the first time
a trick of Martian swordsmanship which centered Kantos Kans every
hope of victory and life on one cast of the dice, for, as he came to
within about twenty feet of the huge fellow he threw his sword arm
far behind him over his shoulder and with a mighty sweep hurled his
weapon point foremost at the green warrior.  It flew true as an
arrow and piercing the poor devils heart laid him dead upon the
arena.          end of pt5