          Princess of Mars ch17 pt4            The
terrors of your death shall haunt the slumbers of the red men
through all the ages to come, they will shudder in the shadows of
the night as their fathers tell them of the awful vengeance of the
green men, of the power and might and hate and cruelty of Tal Hajus.
But before the torture you shall be mine for one short hour, and
word of that too shall go forth to Tardos Mors, Jeddak of Helium,
your grandfather, that he may grovel upon the ground in the agony of
his sorrow.  Tomorrow the torture will commence, tonight thou art Tal
Hajus, come.

He sprang down from the platform and grasped her roughly by the arm,
but scarcely had he touched her than I leaped between them.  My
short sword, sharp and gleaming was in my right hand, I could have
plunged it into his putrid heart before he realized that I was upon
him, but as I raised my arm to strike I thought of Tars Tarkas, and,
with all my rage, with all my hatred, I could not rob him of that
sweet moment for which he had lived and hoped all these long, weary
years, and so, instead, I swung my good right fist full upon the
point of his jaw.  Without a sound he slipped to the floor as one
dead.

In the same deathly silence I grasped Dejah Thoris by the hand, and
motioning Sola to follow we sped noiselessly from the chamber and
to the floor above.  Unseen we reached a rear window and with the
straps and leather of my trappings I lowered, first Sola and then
Dejah Thoris to the ground below.          end of pt4