          Princess of Mars ch21 pt2          

At a second stop I met some highly cultivated people of the noble
class and while in conversation we chanced to speak of Helium.  One
of the older men had been there on a diplomatic mission several
years before and spoke with regret of the conditions which seemed
destined ever to keep these two countries at war.

Helium, he said, rightly boasts the most beautiful women of
Barsoom, and of all her treasures the wondrous daughter of Mors
Kajak, Dejah Thoris, is the most exquisite flower.

Why, he added, the people really worship the ground she walks
upon and since her loss on that ill starred expedition all Helium
has been draped in mourning.

That our ruler should have attacked the disabled fleet as it was
returning to Helium was but another of his awful blunders which I
fear will sooner or later compel Zodanga to elevate a wiser man to
his place.

Even now, though our victorious armies are surrounding Helium, the
people of Zodanga are voicing their displeasure, for the war is
not a popular one, since it is not based on right or justice.  Our
forces took advantage of the absence of the principal fleet of
Helium on their search for the princess, and so we have been able
easily to reduce the city to a sorry plight.  It is said she will
fall within the next few passages of the further moon.

And what, think you, may have been the fate of the princess, Dejah
Thoris? I asked as casually as possible.

She is dead, he answered.  This much was learned from a green
warrior recently captured by our forces in the south.  She escaped
from the hordes of Thark with a strange creature of another world,
only to fall into the hands of the Warhoons.          end of pt2