          Princess of Mars ch18 pt3          

I never before had seen two green Martian warriors battle with
natures weapons and the exhibition of animal ferocity which ensued
was as fearful a thing as the most disordered imagination could
picture.  They tore at each others eyes and ears with their hands
and with their gleaming tusks repeatedly slashed and gored until
both were cut fairly to ribbons from head to foot.

Bar Comas had much the better of the battle as he was stronger,
quicker and more intelligent.  It soon seemed that the encounter was
done saving only the final death thrust when Bar Comas slipped in
breaking away from a clinch.  It was the one little opening that Dak
Kova needed, and hurling himself at the body of his adversary he
buried his single mighty tusk in Bar Comas groin and with a last
powerful effort ripped the young jeddak wide open the full length of
his body, the great tusk finally wedging in the bones of Bar Comas
jaw.  Victor and vanquished rolled limp and lifeless upon the moss,
a huge mass of torn and bloody flesh.

Bar Comas was stone dead, and only the most herculean efforts on
the part of Dak Kovas females saved him from the fate he deserved.
Three days later he walked without assistance to the body of Bar
Comas which, by custom, had not been moved from where it fell, and
placing his foot upon the neck of his erstwhile ruler he assumed
the title of Jeddak of Warhoon.

The dead jeddaks hands and head were removed to be added to the
ornaments of his conqueror, and then his women cremated what
remained, amid wild and terrible laughter.

The injuries to Dak Kova had delayed the march so greatly that it
was decided to give up the expedition, which was a raid upon a small
Thark community in retaliation for the destruction of the incubator,
until after the great games, and the entire body of warriors, ten
thousand in number, turned back toward Warhoon.          end of pt3