          Princess of Mars ch22 pt2            As they approached Than Kosis the
soldiers fell to either side and there standing before the jeddak
and not ten feet from me, her beautiful face radiant with smiles,
was Dejah Thoris.

Sab Than, Prince of Zodanga, advanced to meet her, and hand in hand
they approached close to the jeddak.  Than Kosis looked up in
surprise, and, rising, saluted her.

To what strange freak do I owe this visit from the Princess of
Helium, who, two days ago, with rare consideration for my pride,
assured me that she would prefer Tal Hajus, the green Thark, to my
son?

Dejah Thoris only smiled the more and with the roguish dimples
playing at the corners of her mouth she made answer,

From the beginning of time upon Barsoom it has been the prerogative
of woman to change her mind as she listed and to dissemble in
matters concerning her heart.  That you will forgive, Than Kosis, as
has your son.  Two days ago I was not sure of his love for me, but
now I am, and I have come to beg of you to forget my rash words and
to accept the assurance of the Princess of Helium that when the time
comes she will wed Sab Than, Prince of Zodanga.

I am glad that you have so decided, replied Than Kosis.  It is
far from my desire to push war further against the people of Helium,
and, your promise shall be recorded and a proclamation to my people
issued forthwith.

It were better, Than Kosis, interrupted Dejah Thoris, that the
proclamation wait the ending of this war.  It would look strange
indeed to my people and to yours were the Princess of Helium to
give herself to her countrys enemy in the midst of hostilities.          end of pt2