          Princess of Mars ch20 pt1          CHAPTER XX

IN THE ATMOSPHERE FACTORY

For two days I waited there for Kantos Kan, but as he did not come
I started off on foot in a northwesterly direction toward a point
where he had told me lay the nearest waterway.  My only food
consisted of vegetable milk from the plants which gave so
bounteously of this priceless fluid.

Through two long weeks I wandered, stumbling through the nights
guided only by the stars and hiding during the days behind some
protruding rock or among the occasional hills I traversed.  Several
times I was attacked by wild beasts, strange, uncouth monstrosities
that leaped upon me in the dark, so that I had ever to grasp my
long sword in my hand that I might be ready for them.  Usually my
strange, newly acquired telepathic power warned me in ample time,
but once I was down with vicious fangs at my jugular and a hairy
face pressed close to mine before I knew that I was even threatened.

What manner of thing was upon me I did not know, but that it was
large and heavy and many legged I could feel.  My hands were at its
throat before the fangs had a chance to bury themselves in my neck,
and slowly I forced the hairy face from me and closed my fingers,
vise like, upon its windpipe.

Without sound we lay there, the beast exerting every effort to reach
me with those awful fangs, and I straining to maintain my grip and
choke the life from it as I kept it from my throat.  Slowly my arms
gave to the unequal struggle, and inch by inch the burning eyes and
gleaming tusks of my antagonist crept toward me, until, as the hairy
face touched mine again, I realized that all was over.          end of pt1