          Princess of Mars ch17 pt8            Relieving him of his trappings, which
I flung down beside him, we left the poor fellow to his fate, and
pushed on with the one thoat as best we could.  Sola and I walked,
making Dejah Thoris ride, much against her will.  In this way we had
progressed to within about a mile of the hills we were endeavoring
to reach when Dejah Thoris, from her point of vantage upon the
thoat, cried out that she saw a great party of mounted men filing
down from a pass in the hills several miles away.  Sola and I
both looked in the direction she indicated, and there, plainly
discernible, were several hundred mounted warriors.  They seemed to
be headed in a southwesterly direction, which would take them away
from us.

They doubtless were Thark warriors who had been sent out to capture
us, and we breathed a great sigh of relief that they were traveling
in the opposite direction.  Quickly lifting Dejah Thoris from the
thoat, I commanded the animal to lie down and we three did the same,
presenting as small an object as possible for fear of attracting
the attention of the warriors toward us.

We could see them as they filed out of the pass, just for an
instant, before they were lost to view behind a friendly ridge, to
us a most providential ridge, since, had they been in view for any
great length of time, they scarcely could have failed to discover
us.          end of pt8