          Princess of Mars ch16 pt10            They were
quieter now, owing to the absence of man, but as they scented me
they became more restless and their hideous noise increased.  It
was risky business, this entering a paddock of thoats alone and at
night, first, because their increasing noisiness might warn the
nearby warriors that something was amiss, and also because for the
slightest cause, or for no cause at all some great bull thoat might
take it upon himself to lead a charge upon me.

Having no desire to awaken their nasty tempers upon such a night as
this, where so much depended upon secrecy and dispatch, I hugged the
shadows of the buildings, ready at an instants warning to leap into
the safety of a nearby door or window.  Thus I moved silently to the
great gates which opened upon the street at the back of the court,
and as I neared the exit I called softly to my two animals.  How I
thanked the kind providence which had given me the foresight to win
the love and confidence of these wild dumb brutes, for presently
from the far side of the court I saw two huge bulks forcing their
way toward me through the surging mountains of flesh.

They came quite close to me, rubbing their muzzles against my body
and nosing for the bits of food it was always my practice to reward
them with.  Opening the gates I ordered the two great beasts to pass
out, and then slipping quietly after them I closed the portals
behind me.          end of pt10