          Princess of Mars ch17 pt7            Night fell upon us before we reached our goal,
and, almost fainting from weariness and weakness, we lay down and
slept.

I was awakened early in the morning by some huge body pressing close
to mine, and opening my eyes with a start I beheld my blessed old
Woola snuggling close to me, the faithful brute had followed us
across that trackless waste to share our fate, whatever it might be.
Putting my arms about his neck I pressed my cheek close to his, nor
am I ashamed that I did it, nor of the tears that came to my eyes as
I thought of his love for me.  Shortly after this Dejah Thoris and
Sola awakened, and it was decided that we push on at once in an
effort to gain the hills.

We had gone scarcely a mile when I noticed that my thoat was
commencing to stumble and stagger in a most pitiful manner, although
we had not attempted to force them out of a walk since about noon
of the preceding day.  Suddenly he lurched wildly to one side and
pitched violently to the ground.  Dejah Thoris and I were thrown
clear of him and fell upon the soft moss with scarcely a jar, but
the poor beast was in a pitiable condition, not even being able
to rise, although relieved of our weight.  Sola told me that the
coolness of the night, when it fell, together with the rest would
doubtless revive him, and so I decided not to kill him, as was my
first intention, as I had thought it cruel to leave him alone there
to die of hunger and thirst.          end of pt7