Mr. Darling was frightfully ashamed of himself, but he would not give
in. In a horrid silence Mrs. Darling smelt the bowl. "O George," she
said, "it's your medicine!"

"It was only a joke," he roared, while she comforted her boys, and
Wendy hugged Nana. "Much good," he said bitterly, "my wearing myself to
the bone trying to be funny in this house."

And still Wendy hugged Nana. "That's right," he shouted. "Coddle her!
Nobody coddles me. Oh dear no! I am only the breadwinner, why should I
be coddledâ€”why, why, why!"

"George," Mrs. Darling entreated him, "not so loud; the servants will
hear you." Somehow they had got into the way of calling Liza the
servants.

"Let them!" he answered recklessly. "Bring in the whole world. But I
refuse to allow that dog to lord it in my nursery for an hour longer."

The children wept, and Nana ran to him beseechingly, but he waved her
back. He felt he was a strong man again. "In vain, in vain," he cried;
"the proper place for you is the yard, and there you go to be tied up
this instant."

"George, George," Mrs. Darling whispered, "remember what I told you
about that boy."

Alas, he would not listen. He was determined to show who was master in
that house, and when commands would not draw Nana from the kennel, he
lured her out of it with honeyed words, and seizing her roughly,
dragged her from the nursery. He was ashamed of himself, and yet he did
it. It was all owing to his too affectionate nature, which craved for
admiration. When he had tied her up in the back-yard, the wretched
father went and sat in the passage, with his knuckles to his eyes.

In the meantime Mrs. Darling had put the children to bed in unwonted
silence and lit their night-lights. They could hear Nana barking, and
John whimpered, "It is because he is chaining her up in the yard," but
Wendy was wiser.

"That is not Nana's unhappy bark," she said, little guessing what was
about to happen; "that is her bark when she smells danger."

Danger!

"Are you sure, Wendy?"

"Oh, yes."

Mrs. Darling quivered and went to the window. It was securely fastened.
She looked out, and the night was peppered with stars. They were
crowding round the house, as if curious to see what was to take place
there, but she did not notice this, nor that one or two of the smaller
ones winked at her. Yet a nameless fear clutched at her heart and made
her cry, "Oh, how I wish that I wasn't going to a party to-night!"

Even Michael, already half asleep, knew that she was perturbed, and he
asked, "Can anything harm us, mother, after the night-lights are lit?"

"Nothing, precious," she said; "they are the eyes a mother leaves
behind her to guard her children."

She went from bed to bed singing enchantments over them, and little
Michael flung his arms round her. "Mother," he cried, "I'm glad of
you." They were the last words she was to hear from him for a long
time.

No. 27 was only a few yards distant, but there had been a slight fall
of snow, and Father and Mother Darling picked their way over it deftly
not to soil their shoes. They were already the only persons in the
street, and all the stars were watching them. Stars are beautiful, but
they may not take an active part in anything, they must just look on
for ever. It is a punishment put on them for something they did so long
ago that no star now knows what it was. So the older ones have become
glassy-eyed and seldom speak (winking is the star language), but the
little ones still wonder. They are not really friendly to Peter, who
had a mischievous way of stealing up behind them and trying to blow
them out; but they are so fond of fun that they were on his side
to-night, and anxious to get the grown-ups out of the way. So as soon
as the door of 27 closed on Mr. and Mrs. Darling there was a commotion
in the firmament, and the smallest of all the stars in the Milky Way
screamed out:

