"Oh dear, oh dear," sighed Wendy. "Now these three children had a
faithful nurse called Nana; but Mr. Darling was angry with her and
chained her up in the yard, and so all the children flew away."

"It's an awfully good story," said Nibs.

"They flew away," Wendy continued, "to the Neverland, where the lost
children are."

"I just thought they did," Curly broke in excitedly. "I don't know how
it is, but I just thought they did!"

"O Wendy," cried Tootles, "was one of the lost children called
Tootles?"

"Yes, he was."

"I am in a story. Hurrah, I am in a story, Nibs."

"Hush. Now I want you to consider the feelings of the unhappy parents
with all their children flown away."

"Oo!" they all moaned, though they were not really considering the
feelings of the unhappy parents one jot.

"Think of the empty beds!"

"Oo!"

"It's awfully sad," the first twin said cheerfully.

"I don't see how it can have a happy ending," said the second twin. "Do
you, Nibs?"

"I'm frightfully anxious."

"If you knew how great is a mother's love," Wendy told them
triumphantly, "you would have no fear." She had now come to the part
that Peter hated.

"I do like a mother's love," said Tootles, hitting Nibs with a pillow.
"Do you like a mother's love, Nibs?"

"I do just," said Nibs, hitting back.

"You see," Wendy said complacently, "our heroine knew that the mother
would always leave the window open for her children to fly back by; so
they stayed away for years and had a lovely time."

"Did they ever go back?"

"Let us now," said Wendy, bracing herself up for her finest effort,
"take a peep into the future;" and they all gave themselves the twist
that makes peeps into the future easier. "Years have rolled by, and who
is this elegant lady of uncertain age alighting at London Station?"

"O Wendy, who is she?" cried Nibs, every bit as excited as if he didn't
know.

"Can it be—yes—no—it is—the fair Wendy!"

"Oh!"

"And who are the two noble portly figures accompanying her, now grown
to man's estate? Can they be John and Michael? They are!"

"Oh!"

"‘See, dear brothers,' says Wendy pointing upwards, ‘there is the
window still standing open. Ah, now we are rewarded for our sublime
faith in a mother's love.' So up they flew to their mummy and daddy,
and pen cannot describe the happy scene, over which we draw a veil."

That was the story, and they were as pleased with it as the fair
narrator herself. Everything just as it should be, you see. Off we skip
like the most heartless things in the world, which is what children
are, but so attractive; and we have an entirely selfish time, and then
when we have need of special attention we nobly return for it,
confident that we shall be rewarded instead of smacked.

So great indeed was their faith in a mother's love that they felt they
could afford to be callous for a bit longer.

But there was one there who knew better, and when Wendy finished he
uttered a hollow groan.

"What is it, Peter?" she cried, running to him, thinking he was ill.
She felt him solicitously, lower down than his chest. "Where is it,
Peter?"

