"Wendy," he said, striding up and down, "I have asked the redskins to
guide you through the wood, as flying tires you so."

"Thank you, Peter."

"Then," he continued, in the short sharp voice of one accustomed to be
obeyed, "Tinker Bell will take you across the sea. Wake her, Nibs."

Nibs had to knock twice before he got an answer, though Tink had really
been sitting up in bed listening for some time.

"Who are you? How dare you? Go away," she cried.

"You are to get up, Tink," Nibs called, "and take Wendy on a journey."

Of course Tink had been delighted to hear that Wendy was going; but she
was jolly well determined not to be her courier, and she said so in
still more offensive language. Then she pretended to be asleep again.

"She says she won't!" Nibs exclaimed, aghast at such insubordination,
whereupon Peter went sternly toward the young lady's chamber.

"Tink," he rapped out, "if you don't get up and dress at once I will
open the curtains, and then we shall all see you in your _neglig√©e_."

This made her leap to the floor. "Who said I wasn't getting up?" she
cried.

In the meantime the boys were gazing very forlornly at Wendy, now
equipped with John and Michael for the journey. By this time they were
dejected, not merely because they were about to lose her, but also
because they felt that she was going off to something nice to which
they had not been invited. Novelty was beckoning to them as usual.

Crediting them with a nobler feeling Wendy melted.

"Dear ones," she said, "if you will all come with me I feel almost sure
I can get my father and mother to adopt you."

The invitation was meant specially for Peter, but each of the boys was
thinking exclusively of himself, and at once they jumped with joy.

"But won't they think us rather a handful?" Nibs asked in the middle of
his jump.

"Oh no," said Wendy, rapidly thinking it out, "it will only mean having
a few beds in the drawing-room; they can be hidden behind the screens
on first Thursdays."

"Peter, can we go?" they all cried imploringly. They took it for
granted that if they went he would go also, but really they scarcely
cared. Thus children are ever ready, when novelty knocks, to desert
their dearest ones.

"All right," Peter replied with a bitter smile, and immediately they
rushed to get their things.

"And now, Peter," Wendy said, thinking she had put everything right, "I
am going to give you your medicine before you go." She loved to give
them medicine, and undoubtedly gave them too much. Of course it was
only water, but it was out of a bottle, and she always shook the bottle
and counted the drops, which gave it a certain medicinal quality. On
this occasion, however, she did not give Peter his draught, for just as
she had prepared it, she saw a look on his face that made her heart
sink.

"Get your things, Peter," she cried, shaking.

"No," he answered, pretending indifference, "I am not going with you,
Wendy."

"Yes, Peter."

"No."

To show that her departure would leave him unmoved, he skipped up and
down the room, playing gaily on his heartless pipes. She had to run
about after him, though it was rather undignified.

